[ Woman ]
Previously on
Sons of Anarchy.
[ Jax ]
I found a box
in the storage unit.
There’s, like, pictures
and journals.
Things I never knew about him.
When you and Dad hooked up,
he ever talk to you
about his vision?
About what he wanted
from the club?
Jax is goin’ through some shit.
He asked me if John
wanted to get into
running guns.
Tonight he said maybe
we shouldn’t rebuild
the factory.
I just wanna make sure
he’s following
in the right father’s footsteps.
Sam Crow’s
been in this town
since I was a kid.
My old man was
a county judge. Saw some
of them catch their due.
But for the most part, Clay
and the others keep slipping
through the legal cracks.
Been chatting folks up
last couple of days.
Most of them
get pretty quiet when I ask
about Sons of Anarchy.
Yeah. Clay has some
of the locals convinced...
his brand of
outlaw justice keeps away
the corporate bogeyman.
I’d say he’s right.
Franchise development
in Charming’s
pretty much nonexistent.
Been jonesing for a Starbucks
since I got here.
[ Police Radio Chatter ]
Sam Crow isn’t stonewalling
growth by themselves.
They get a lot of help,
some of it from inside
this department.
Ah, gotta bring it
in through here.
Afraid the amped-up carb’s
gonna throw too much heat
on the line.
Might. That new
Graytex cable can take
a shitload of heat though.
We got troubles.
Want to tell me what
the fed’s doing in Charming?
Showed up two days ago.
Chicago division.
Looking into Sam Crow.
And I’m just finding out now.
How long is he gonna be here?
No idea.
He’s collecting intel.
Fact finding.
Didn’t go into
too much detail.
I don’t want you out rogueing
with this guy, you hear me?
Stick to Charming business.
This fed wants anything,
he runs it through me.
Oh, of course.
You’re the chief.
That’s right.
I’m the goddamn chief.
We’ve taken every precaution to
stay out of A.T.F.’s crosshairs.
No busts, no investigations
for five years.
We don’t know
this guy’s here for us.
Hale flagged Bluebird
as our gun warehouse.
He’s pissed off
we made Unser crush the case,
and he called in the feds.
I think it’s gotta
be about us.
- Be my guess.
- And we’ve got a garage
full of 25 to life.
Any legit place
we store those guns is
a straight line back to us.
Can’t Rosen get us
some storage short term?
He’s killing Bluebird, man.
He’s setting up a dummy corp.
It takes a few weeks.
We got that call
from Jury last week.
Mayans pressing
the Devil’s Tribe
to pay a vig...
to keep running book
and pussy out of Nevada.
Look, maybe I do
head to Indian Hills,
offer Jury some advice.
He offers our AKs
a safe house.
No.
No. That’s a risky ride,
brother.
Northern Nevada
is Mayan territory.
They’re still looking
to settle the score
from our little raid.
The Mayans know that
the Tribe’s a brother club.
Part of asking for that vig
is about shitting on us.
They knew Jury would call.
They’re gonna be watching.
That’s what I’m saying.
That’s why just me and you go,
under the radar.
We’ll bring the guns in
the same way.
And you think you could
bring Jury on board?
Shit. My dad saved
his ass in Tây Ninh.
He owes the Tellers a chit.
Look, man.
We’re not gonna go cowboy.
- I promise.
- Promise.
Low profile.
I don’t want no wetbacks
knowing we crossed into N.V.
They pull this off,
I want you and Juice
driving the barrels.
Done. We’ll need
something big though.
I’ll call Unser.
[ Exhales ]
All right.
Give me a minute.
Yeah, I’ll find you.
Everything okay?
Yeah.
I was hoping you could
help with the Cutlass.
It’s in pretty sad shape.
Shit. This was
your dad’s, right?
It was in the garage under
two tons of old newspapers.
Why don’t you
bring it in back?
Have Lowell
take a look at it.
Okay.
Thanks.
I was hoping you could
give me a lift home.
Actually,
I’m just heading out
for a couple of days.
Okay. Anything
come up with the baby,
who should I call?
He’s out of the woods,
right?
Yeah. Yeah.
Just in case
of procedural stuff.
[ Horn Honks ]
Just let my mom know
if you need anything.
Everything okay?
Yeah, fine. She’s just here
to get her car fixed.
Actually, could you
give Tara a ride home? She’s
gotta leave the Cutlass here.
No, that’s okay.
I’ll just take a–
Love to give
the good doctor a lift.
Where you going?
Visit Uncle Jury.
- Nevada? By yourself?
- With Bobby.
- Does Clay know?
- Relax, Mom.
It’s gonna be fine.
[ Kisses ]
You sent him
into Nevada?
It was his idea.
It’s club business.
He has a 10-day-old kid.
He is distracted.
You have to protect him.
Protect him? From what?
Himself.
He’s fine. Relax.
[ Gemma ]
Now, this one.
What’s she doing here?
Anything she can
to get close to Jax.
Maybe she just needs
a tune-up.
Didn’t trust her then.
Don’t trust her now.
Hey.
Hey, Gemma.
Back it up, buster.
Come on. Back it up.
Whoa. Whoa.
Lowell, my back tire
needs air.
[ Chuckles ]
I gotta admit,
Clay’s old lady gave me
a serious MILF chubby.
Hey, I brought the car
out of the garage.
It’s, uh– It’s clear now.
If you need me to clear
it out again, I can–
Clip a truck from Unser’s
tonight. Make it look
like you stole it.
Cancer boy
wants deniability.
"MILF chubby"?
It’s like a compliment,
you know? ’Cause she’s hot.
Stop.
[ Bobby ]
What do we got?
Mayans.
[ Bobby ]
So much for low profile.
[ Man ]
♪ Riding through this world ♪
♪ All alone ♪
♪ God takes your soul ♪
♪ You’re on your own ♪
♪ The crow flies straight ♪
♪ A perfect line ♪
♪ On the devil’s bed ♪
♪ Until you die ♪
♪ Gotta look this life ♪
♪ In the eye ♪♪
Two on three?
[ Tires Squealing ]
Hey, Doc!
Gotta sign these.
Thanks a lot.
Mind if I smoke?
And if I said yes?
[ Bell Dings ]
Right.
Must be strange
being in that house alone,
everybody gone.
Hard to get lonely.
My dad was a bit of a pack rat.
I can barely turn around
without stepping on
some piece of history.
[ Chuckles ]
Yeah. Clay’s the same way.
Never throws
anything out.
Still has underwear
from 1967.
Me? I hate clutter.
I get that.
Thanks.
Wanna tell me
why you’re carrying?
The gun in your bag.
- You went through my bag?
- I spotted it.
I’m very observant.
I started carrying it
when I was in Chicago.
I lived in a rough neighborhood.
Just haven’t gotten around
to getting rid of it yet.
A Beretta’s
not an old tampon.
You don’t just forget
it’s in your bag.
Is it registered?
I have a permit.
It’s legal.
You know how to use it?
Yeah, I do.
Give me the prepay.
[ Beeping ]
[ Jax ]
So, Mayans spotted us.
Well, this
forces our hand.
Can’t risk bringing
those AKs in, with
the Mayans onto our visit.
- We need a bigger presence.
- Well, I’ll have
the Vegas boys head up.
No, no. I’m talking about
a permanent presence.
It’ll be months
before the warehouse
is up and running.
Indian Hills
could be real useful.
You talking patch over?
I don’t know, Clay.
Tribe might’ve started
outlaw, but now,
I mean, shit,
they’re bookkeepers
and bouncers.
They’re earnin’ outlaw-size
money. It’s a matter of time
before the Mayans push ’em out.
They need us
for their own protection.
Jury was a real good friend
of my old man’s, Clay.
I don’t feel right slamming
a patch, no warning.
It’s good for both clubs.
Now, if you don’t
want to break it to ’em,
I’ll tell ’em myself at church.
[ Exhales ]
We’re ridin’
to Indian Hills.
Mandatory.
We’re patching over
the Tribe.
Are you serious?
Do I look serious?
We’re– We’re short.
I mean, Chibs, he’s
up north with McKeevy.
Anybody visiting?
Uh, Happy’s down from Tacoma
doing an autism run.
He’s got Lorca, Bowie, Donut,
couple of prospects with him.
Get him.
Okay, well–
Wow, Jury’s got all that
beautiful pussy, man.
It’s gonna be a four-shot
patch over party.
Unfortunately, you’re
driving the precious cargo.
No, no. Christ, Clay.
Come on. You need me.
Hey. Hey.
Last time you had free range
on pussy, you throat-pumped
two brownies.
Your D.N.A.
almost brought us down.
Besides, you’re the only one
I can trust to handle this.
Come on!
Hauling barrels. Let the
prospect go with Juice!
What prospect?
[ Woman ]
Which one is it?
Are you an idiot?
Take the picture.
Can’t find the button. Sorry.
- Jesus!
- Here. Let me do it.
Holy shit. I-I told him
not to sit on your bike.
That’s all right.
You look like a guy
knows how to get his way.
You do that to her lip?
Bitch has a mouth on her,
you know?
Sure. I get it.
So you like Harleys, huh?
Yeah. They look good.
But I’m way into the slant bikes
for their speed, you know?
Right. Right.
All right.
Say cheese.
Cheese.
Nice.
That’s before.
Before?
[ Grunts ]
Don’t ever sit on
another man’s bike, asshole.
[ Exhales ]
Holy shit.
Shut up, bitch!
[ Grunts ]
- A little respect
for the fairer sex.
- [ Groaning ]
[ Camera Clicks ]
That’s after.
- Where you headed?
- Uh, no place special.
Me too.
- I’m Susie.
- I’m Jax.
[ Man Coughing ]
[ Shutter Clicking ]
Just don’t ask
any questions, okay?
I’ll let ’em know
you’re with me.
[ Moans ]
You know, you are
the James T. Kirk
of the M.C. world.
Going where no man
has gone before.
Let me tell you, brother.
I think every man’s
gone there before.
Jackson Teller!
Uncle Jury!
[ Both Laughing ]
You guys
remember Bobby.
Bobby.
Needles, how you been?
♪♪ [ Man Singing On Jukebox ]
M.C. royalty
in the house, folks.
Jax Teller and Bobby Elvis
of the Sons.
Hi.
Welcome.
- Let’s make ’em feel at home.
- Good to see you, man.
[ Man ]
I’m occupied.
[ Chattering ]
[ Whispers ]
Wow.
[ Jury ]
We got ’em all shapes
and sizes.
I think I could be in love
with that perfect darkness.
Daytona, come on over
and say hi to Bobby.
Ohh.
Oh, Daytona, as in 500?
As in 1,200...
a night.
My treat, brother.
Show me the way.
Whoo!
[ Daytona Laughing ]
Right over here.
That your old lady?
Nah.
I picked her up at the border.
Just a little doe
in the headlights.
Cherry.
This honey’s with Jax.
Show her the ropes, darlin’.
Sure thing.
Come on, sweetheart.
See you.
[ Woman ]
Thanks. Just let me know.
I’ll see you
in a couple of days.
All right. Call me.
Let me know he’s okay.
Look, you know
I’ll drive out there.
How embarrassing
would that shit be?
I’ll call.
[ Man ]
No, no, no, not quite!
Started the sports book
with the escorts
and the strip clubs.
First stop
over the border.
Must be churning
some serious cash.
Got the Mayans circling
for a percentage.
They’re jamming me up, Jax.
If I don’t pay the Mexicans,
they turn my business
inside out.
If I kick a vig up to ’em,
I disrespect you guys.
Tribe attracts
a good membership.
Eighteen.
Real good boys.
You still get along
with local law?
Douglas County?
Sheriff likes the girls.
Right.
How you doing, babe?
I’m good.
Hey, girls.
Beers are warm.
Ah.
We just pulled those.
I’ll get those.
Excuse me. Come here.
So how are we gonna
handle the Mayans?
We’re hoping actually
maybe you could help us out
with a problem.
Sure.
Got a garage full
of AK-47s.
Need a place
to assemble and store ’em
till we find a buyer.
It’s a temporary thing.
Got a strip club out on 95.
Huge basement. Private.
Sounds perfect.
Appreciate it.
You’ll talk to Clay?
Let me know how to handle
this Mayan thing?
You can talk
to him yourself.
He’s on his way.
Clay’s coming out?
Yup.
It’s about the future,
Jury.
Future of what?
The Tribe.
Jesus, Jax.
Patch over?
It’s time, Jury.
This whole area
is blowing up.
We don’t patch you over,
Mayans will run
right through you.
We get a foothold
in Nevada.
You get status
to protect your business.
Best move for both clubs.
A lot of my guys
aren’t Sam Crow.
The ones that are cut out
for it will make it.
Others will fall off.
I’m not a young man
anymore either, Jax.
I don’t know how much outlaw
I got left in me.
You’ll do fine, Jury.
Never throw these guys
any lip, okay?
I didn’t.
Just asked ’em
a question.
Yeah. That’s even worse.
Hey. Where’s Bobby?
Out front.
Okay.
So, uh, how long
you been his old lady?
We just met.
Yeah.
That’s what I thought.
You better pay close attention
to what I do, baby girl.
Whose old lady are you?
Hmm. No one’s yet.
But soon, one of these guys
will realize what a fine
old lady I’m gonna make.
How long have you
been doing it?
It’s about three years.
[ Footsteps ]
[ Exhales ]
You and Jury get into it?
Yeah.
He didn’t see it comin’.
Hmm.
I don’t know if the old man’s
gonna be able to hang
a reaper on his back.
This shit don’t feel
good to me, Bobby.
Clay’s making a mistake.
The Tribe ain’t
S.O.A. material.
You all right, brother?
Yeah. Why?
J-Just checkin’ in.
You’ve been through
a lot of shit...
in the last couple of weeks.
Baby, junkie.
Maybe all that noise
in your head has gotten you
turned around a bit.
Noise in my head?
You got something to say,
man, just say it.
You’ve been second-guessing Clay
ever since your boy was born.
Club’s pickin’ up on it.
You gotta get right with that.
[ Man ]
♪ We call her American dream ♪
♪ We call her American dream ♪♪
Next time
this gavel slams down...
will be the last
for the Devil’s Tribe.
History between our clubs.
Jury and John Teller were
in the same platoon in Nam.
Needle’s brother’s
a 20-year member
of our Fresno charter.
We have a deep respect
for each other.
Now...
it’s time
to become brothers.
I know some of you look forward
to wearing the reaper.
Others of you
are afraid of it.
That’s a choice each man
will have to make.
From this point on,
we’re family.
Indian Hills,
Nevada charter,
Sons of Anarchy.
Congratulations.
It is my personal hope
that every one of you
wears this cut.
I know you got
a lot to talk about.
I’ll leave you
to your business.
[ Door Closes ]
Did you dose it?
Triple dose.
Patch over bash, man.
Makes Mardi Gras look
like a sweet 16 party.
With Jury’s stable, shit.
Nothin’ but young, tight,
perfect pussy.
Mmm.
Well, Fido’s
having his own party.
Like that.
Ow. Which one?
Unser said take the cargo truck.
The keys should be in it.
- [ Growling, Barking ]
- [ Tig ] Holy shit.
- Run! Shit! Shit!
- Go, go, go! Run, run, run!
God!
Open the door!
Aah!
[ Screaming ]
- [ Dog Whimpering ]
- Aah! Goddamn it!
Shit!
- I thought you said
you drugged the meat.
- I did!
Look at him.
He’s foaming at the mouth.
That thing should be dead!
I dosed him with,
like, two grams!
Grams? Grams of what?
Crank!
[ Growling ]
You fed crystal
to a killer Doberman?
- Are you retarded?
- No!
Should I shoot him?
No. Drive.
Put it in.
Look at my ass!
♪♪ [ Woman Singing On Stereo ]
[ Chirping ]
- [ Beeps ]
- Right now.
[ Woman ]
Yeah. You ready?
Yeah.
Hey, darlin’.
Do me a favor?
Sure, babe.
Guy distributes your stuff–
He still have access
to that federal marshal?
Think so.
Been feeding
his Pillsbury Dough girl
fetish for years.
[ Man, Woman Moaning ]
What do you need?
How do you think
this thing’ll play out?
Half, maybe more will stay.
And that pack’ll thin out
once the Mayans come a-knockin’.
[ Inhales ]
Which will be real soon.
We can’t leave these guys
with no backup.
Vegas can hang.
Indian Hills
is gonna have to learn how
to protect their ground.
Best way to thin out a herd.
Herd’s already
pretty thin, Clay.
I want to be here for Jury
when the shit goes down.
I ain’t worried about Jury.
He can handle himself.
[ Door Opens ]
Can you believe that?
[ Men Grumbling ]
Looks like
the vote’s in, huh?
[ Man ]
Let’s roll.
[ Motorcycles Revving ]
- We’re in.
- [ Men Murmuring Agreement ]
Jury.
[ Cheering ]
Patch over party!
[ Cheering Continues ]
What’s a patch over?
It means things
are about to change.
[ Man On Jukebox ]
♪ Ooh, I’m a hound dog ♪
♪ A sniffing hound dog ♪
♪♪ [ Continues, Faint ]
[ Man ]
Whoo!
I have a cousin in Iraq.
He still has
both his nuts, but...
he’s lost
a couple buddies.
Yeah, you know,
sometimes I feel guilty
I left after just one T.O.D.
You shouldn’t.
I mean, you’re a hero.
Don’t–
Can you still have kids,
or–
Yeah.
Leftie’s real potent.
♪♪ [ Continues ]
♪ Velvet tongue ♪
[ No Audible Dialogue ]
♪ I can make you holler ♪
♪ Get your motor runnin’ ♪♪
You ever been to Ireland?
Shut up.
Look. Look, man.
It’s not my fault
that you got bit.
All right?
You didn’t specify
what kind of drug.
I am not happy
about being here either.
At least you and I,
you know– we can try to have
a decent conversation.
What? What do you want?
You want to bond?
You want to get closer?
Fine.
What are you doing?
I’m gonna dunk my balls
in your mouth.
You’re gonna gag.
I’m gonna laugh. We’ll
be best friends forever.
Why do you gotta be that way?
You ever been to Attica?
[ Barrel Clangs ]
Shut up.
Pull your pants up.
You okay?
Want something?
♪♪ [ Man Singing On Jukebox ]
I could get used to this.
Let’s just take it
a night at a time, babe.
[ Woman ]
Come on. Let’s go.
The brunette–
She anybody’s old lady?
No. Cherry’s
just a sweetbutt.
Good girl.
How good?
What’s mine is yours,
brother.
Watch my stogie.
[ Exhales ]
Can I cut in?
Yeah, sure.
Hey, baby.
Hi.
Come to daddy.
Mmm.
I got to admit, this one
gives me a serious chubby.
[ Laughing ]
Look at this shit.
Hey, guys.
Here we go.
[ John Teller’s Voice ]
The first time I read Emma
Goldman wasn’t in a book.
I was 16, hiking near
the Nevada border.
The quote was painted
on a wall in red.
When I saw those words,
it was like someone ripped them
from the inside of my head.
"Anarchism stands for liberation
of the human mind...
"from the dominion of religion,
"liberation of the human body
from the dominion of property,
"liberation from shackles...
"and the restraint
of government.
"It stands for social order...
based on the free grouping
of individuals."
[ John Teller ]
The concept was pure,
simple, true.
It inspired me,
lit a rebellious fire.
But ultimately,
I learned the lesson...
that Goldman, Proudhon
and the others learned–
that true freedom requires
sacrifice and pain.
Most human beings only think
they want freedom.
In truth, they yearn for
the bondage of social order,
rigid laws, materialism.
The only freedom
man really wants...
is the freedom
to be comfortable.
- Oh, man!
- I hate you.
What’s up, killer?
- I hate all of you.
- [ Laughing ]
Morning, Cherry.
Morning.
Do you want some coffee?
Whip up some breakfast?
Okay.
- I thought you liked that guy.
- I do.
Well, then why’d you sleep
with that old dude?
’Cause that’s what we do.
You mean, you just sleep with
whoever they tell you to?
I take care of them,
and they take care of me.
It’s a family.
And when I finally hook up,
I’ll belong to that guy
and that guy only.
See, good old ladies,
they can make or break
a club.
Come here.
Hi.
Car’s ready.
Figured you’d
need it for work.
Oh. Yeah.
You drove it here?
[ Exhales ]
I’m thinkin’, uh, me and you
got off to a bad start.
It’s my way of saying sorry.
That’s nice of you.
Thanks.
Wow.
You weren’t kidding
about the clutter.
Uh, workin’ through
a room at a time.
Oh, wow.
Your dad was real handsome.
Kinda nuts, but cute.
Yeah. Why are
you here, Gemma?
Your car.
Yeah, the Good Samaritan
bit’s not really playing.
What do you want?
[ Exhales ]
You left Charming
because it was incestuous,
backward and small-minded.
That’s pretty much
an exact quote.
I don’t forget.
You leave Chicago
to come back to this–
shit-filled house,
mediocre gig at
a community hospital.
I needed to tie up
family business.
People don’t upend
their lives to pack up
a dead relative’s house.
You seem to be spending
a lot of time and energy
worrying about my life.
Do I scare you
that much, Gemma?
I don’t forget.
I’m not worried about you.
Just the people you touch.
Jax is in a real
strange place.
He doesn’t need any
outside voices in his head.
Stay clear of him.
We’re not 19 years old
anymore. You can’t dictate
what he does, who he sees–
I’m his mother, and until
I am dead and cold,
I am gonna do anything
I have to do to protect him.
Oh. And, uh,
I’m not sure why
you’re carrying a gun,
but if you’re
gonna use one,
make sure to be safe.
No serial numbers.
[ Door Closes ]
Any problems?
Well, truck’s out back.
It’s all good.
- He still pouting?
- Who, Tiggy? Why don’t you
give him the sweetbutt?
Nah, I’m good with Half-Sack.
That score’s settled.
[ Phone Ringing ]
Where the hell are you?
Yeah. Looks like Jury’s
gonna have some backup when
the Mayan shit goes down.
- What are you talking about?
- I’m on my way back,
and I’m not alone.
Shit. Mayans!
Where?
Pack of ’em trailing Jax.
Get rid of
the goddamn truck.
Got it.
- Mayans?
What do you want to do?
- Weapons behind the bar.
Pack it up.
You two should
get out of here.
What’s going on?
Let’s go.
Let’s get out.
Why?
Just go.
[ Motor Idling ]
[ Revving ]
[ Shouting In Spanish ]
[ Chattering ]
Thanks.
All right.
- What can I do?
- Girls all gone?
- Mm-hmm.
- Open up the garage.
Move the bikes inside!
Everybody got a weapon?
♪♪ [ Man Singing: Hard Rock ]
[ Man Shouting ]
Go. Go!
[ Man Shouts ]
[ Screams ]
[ Grunts ]
Jesus Christ!
Moby’s doing good.
He likes school.
Yeah, he likes
to draw a lot.
Mmm.
Don’t see his mom
too much, but–
Hey, I’m real happy that
Jax’s kid’s gonna be okay.
I mean, that’s a blessing.
What happened to Wendy
should be a lesson to you,
Lowell.
It is.
No, I know, you know.
And I’ve been doing
real good with all that,
Gemma.
I mean, you know, ask Clay.
Good.
Hey.
Any luck?
Nothing really flagged.
Uh, no outstanding warrants.
She had a restraining order
a few months back.
Against her?
No. She filed it.
My guy said the name
was omitted from the report.
What kind of neighborhood
she live in?
Old Town.
Pretty nice, I think.
You really don’t trust
this bitch, do you?
All right, Jury.
Thanks.
[ Police Radio Chatter ]
Cleared his book debt.
We’re good.
What happens now?
I’m probably gonna lose a couple
more guys ’cause of this.
Well, there won’t be
another hit for a while.
That, uh– That pop off
was just about dick size.
They want to let us know
they’re watching.
Vegas’ll stick around
for a while.
Appreciate that.
[ Tig Chuckling ]
Brother.
Yeah.
[ Whispers ]
I’m sorry about
all this, man.
It’s all right, son.
You wanna tell me
what happened out there?
I went for a ride
to clear my head,
and the Mayans spotted me.
You saw the rest.
Juice will, uh,
stick around and watch over
the AK assembly.
I’ll have Vegas, you know,
bring up some illegals,
help him out.
Oh. I, uh– I got
some helpers for you.
No.
Really?
Oh, I love you.
I know.
You don’t deserve this.
I love all of you.
Yes, I do.
Come on.
One, two, three.
[ Laughing ]
Look, I want to go back
and see the kid.
I’ll ride back
with Happy and his guys.
How’s he doing?
Hard to say.
I got anything
to worry about?
Not yet.
Thought that bitch
was with you.
Nah.
[ Bell Dings ]
Dr. Knowles,
this came for you.
Hey.
How’s he doing?
Fine.
Your mom’s in there.
Where else would she be?
How was Nevada?
Uneventful.
[ Whispers ]
Hey.
You okay?
I’m fine.
[ Monitor Beeping ]
Think maybe someone
could’ve called.
I’ve been sitting–
[ Kisses ]
[ Chuckling ]
[ Whispers ]
Hey, little guy.
[ Beeping Continues ]